OSDOCS-12060: updates for CIDR ranges due to masquerade subnet change (#82174)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-operator-cr.adoc

|`string`
|
The masquerade IPv4 addresses that are used internally to enable host to service traffic. The host is configured with these IP addresses as well as the shared gateway bridge interface. The default value is `169.254.169.0/29`.
[IMPORTANT]
====

> For {product-title} 4.17 and later versions, new clusters will use the following default masquerade subnet for IPv4 `169.254.0.0/17`. For upgraded clusters, there is no change to the default masquerade subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {product-title} 4.17 and later versions, clusters use `169.254.0.0/17` as the default masquerade subnet. For upgraded clusters, there is no change to the default masquerade subnet.
```
